You must provide a config.json for the plugin to
be offered for enabling by the user to the user.

See the example config.json .

Your plugin's entry (= main) file must be index.html .

See the example index.html .



Plugin types explained:


	background :

    example use case:
      a timer without ui which alerts the user every 30 minutes
      about a task

    your plugin runs in your file.


  unobtrusive :

    example use case:
      an augmented map graphical display of a value

    your plugin file is rendered above the whole map without
    interactivity in its display (pointer-events: none,
    background of iframe used, set to transparent).


  exclusive :

    example use case:
      many visual instruments opaquely above the whole map

    your plugin has its own display instead of the map covering
    the whole area except the menu, the menu gets a toggle entry
    added to switch back and forth between map and your running plugin.


  widget :

    example use case:
      a single visual instrument opaquely movable above the map

    your plugin is in a movable, resizable opaque iframe above the map.



Map version explained:

	JS data type number representing the map's HTML's code
	version to help you decide to possibly not letting continue
	execution of your plugin if it is made for a different
	version of the map's HTML's code, "throw" a string in that case
	to have initialisation of your plugin be aborted, that string
	is shown to the user as the "reason" for aborting.
	The map's HTML's code eg. contains the map's toolbar's HTML's
	code which you might want to modify.
	The current map's HTML's version is 1. It is intended to not
	be changed in the forseeable future by the first party.



requestMapAccess explained:

	Your plugin is sandboxed without access to the map.
	You might like access for advanced operations.
	If you provide a non-empty string, the user is shown
	a message asking him to grant your plugin access to
	the map for the non-empty string being the reason.
	


The cleanup command explained:

	The user has the possibility to disable your plugin at
  any time through the plugin menu at which point the
  cleanup command message is posted.

  Note: the cleanup command is also posted when you
        "throw" to the plugin host, safeguard your
        cleanup function to not "undo" anything which
        might not have been done yet in the first place!



See the example plugins. Have them available in the plugin
menu by adding ?debug to the LNM web server url.